We won't strike that, some wreck will just correct the wreck.
That's point.
Now as I understand it, you stated yesterday on page 6219 of the records.
I don't know if I can say that.
I can give it to you very briefly in some sense, and if you want to refer to it by.
That's a sign came in only as an unpaid consultant, and it is paid his own expense.
Now that is correct.
And I believe you also stated today page 62, may I say Mr Jackson,
but as far as I know, we've paid no expenses for Mr. Shine.
It's possible that we may have paid some secretary or some secretary of health,
but I are point calls, but I don't know of any.
And then today I believe you confirmed that on page 62191 of the records this morning.
You say, would you wait until I get the record?
Do we have that?
Oh, okay, 100.
You say that down along the middle of the page, referring to Shine,
he was very patient doing that work all day doing it.
He paid his own long distance phone call when he called witnesses.
Now, I have just seen the telephone record of the committee for the period running from 10 July to 29 July.
I noticed that there are 13 calls on May day between Mr. Shine and Mr. Cohn
to General Reaver or to assistant in his office.
And all of the two of these calls were charged to committee.
Mr. Jackson, just so the record will be straight, you will find any number of times,
for example, that I may take a plane trip or coming up from Stathman,
and the committee gets the ticket at the end of the month to Stathman's at Austin Bill,
people for the calls.
Now, whether or not they're trying to hit these calls, I don't know.
Well, let me point out to the court.
These calls were in connection with...
We have to ask just Ruth Young whether or not the end of the month he was billed for those calls.
I think it's very important because not the question the calls itself,
but whether he was calling, and Mr. Cohn was calling,
and a representative or committee capacity, why would he call from New York,
where I assume he has pretty good credit at his home,
why would he call from New York to the Pentagon and then charge the call to the committee on the Hill?
All of the committee staff, as far as I know, has telephone credit cards and so on.
And they can use those, as far as I know, as much as the attendees I...
I just want to take a little thought.
This is a detail that Ruth over here would have to testify on.
As far as I know, they have paid for all the calls he made,
now it's as possible that...
So, why should he...
I assume he's calling from his own home.
The same number here is Murray Hill 8-01-17.
Is that Mr. Shine on telephone number?
I wouldn't know, I can find out for a minute.
But what I'm trying to get at, I can see that if he drops someplace away from his home town,
but why would he call from his home area, call the Pentagon,
and charge the telephone call to the committee if he was acting in an individual capacity?
I wouldn't have any idea.
This is in connection with his own application, which we all agree had a perfect right to do.
We know this few to about that.
But I think it's quite significant that he would charge these phone calls,
and Mr. Cohn did the same.
All but two out of the 13 were charged to the committee,
and calling from New York, where they had their own telephone accounts and their own residence.
Mr. Jackson, if we want to start figuring out the accounts between Dave and the committee,
we'd have a tremendous bill to play.
I hope we don't have to do that.
I'm not a swear book over the daughter.
As far as I know, all I can tell you is something.
As far as I know, he paid all of his expenses now.
It's entirely possible.
That some expenses were paid by the committee.
I know that.
As you know, any committee member including yourself is entitled,
I believe it's the total of nine dollars a day when you're out of town.
I'm sure the day is in a bill.
I'm sure he never put in a bill of that kind.
I think that all of the funders might at least have hope so.
I'll put in their bill, and that doesn't come anywhere in New York covering.
As you know, some of the Jackson, when you come out,
let's say you move over to Boston for an investigation.
All you're allowed is nine dollars.
That doesn't come anywhere in New York covering your expenses of your hotel room,
your taxi fare, your food.
I don't think there's any dispute about that.
The point I'm getting at, Senator McCarthy, is not so much the dollars and cents.
The question is that when they call for charge for the committee,
isn't he in the fact?
Isn't that evidence?
Forgetting the dollars and cents.
I haven't mentioned how much the calls are.
That's not the point with me.
The point seems to me, isn't when he charged these calls to the committee.
When both Mr. Cohn and Mr. Shine call them the committee,
isn't that clear evidence that they were acting in a committee capacity,
otherwise why would they charge the calls to the committee when they're calling
from their home base in New York to watch them DC?
So Senator Jackson, I just like going over this over and over,
but Secretary Stevens, Bob Adams, I mean, John Adams,
everyone here knew that as far as the committee was concerned,
no one had any right to think for the committee,
and so far as they had commissionals concerned.
And I think I'm going to clear, I think he was perfectly with any still on the right
to try and get a commission.
I'm not just feeling that part.
I'm just pointing out that as far as these individuals are concerned,
Mr. Cohn, am I right?
The group is announced to the benefit of some of the congressmen
who are our guest today that he charged an answer just kind of word
you're having a role co-host in the House.
And I thought to the whole House member,
I think that could have been good if they could have known that in the court.
Thank you, Senator.
I wonder if you could, I know you can't do it today,
but can you check and see whether or not the day is the end of the month,
days of those calls or not?
I don't think it's any great importance.
I think the, just for the members, I think $6,000 times that,
at any point pursuing any further at this time,
I don't think I can make a clear conversation.
But the record may not speak for itself.
Take for example, a conversation takes a trouble.
And after the committee will rain for it,
give it a non-committee business unit that builds for that purpose.
I have never made such arrangements.
The point I'm making is Senator McCarthy.
The situation here is so different.
Here is the case, the Mr. Shine and Mr. Kong,
who have their own home telephones and office numbers in New York.
Why would they charge it to the committee down in Washington DC?
When I call him out, I think we've gone into that.
And why he is, why would he use the credit card?
I don't know.
Well, it wasn't a case of using credit card.
I think it would have to be the charge of the committee.
Well, I think we don't want to call an expense in the telephone company,
but if you have a telephone account in your phone area
and you're calling from another area,
you can call another telephone number in that thing.
City and Shriks did that account.
I don't think there's anything quite so far.
There are things that are there.
If the charge goes to the office,
the five-time concern is perfectly alright,
because he worked completely free.
Work-long hours today from London to full the committee.
And if he charged one of his controls,
the committee and did not pay for them,
I know that...
Well, Mr. Kong and Mr. Shine both charged these for the committee,
which I think would be evidence that they were acting in a committee capacity
in calling General Reaver.
A lot.
I wouldn't have to get a point.
Now, I think you've testified to senators
that Mr. Shine had spent considerable time,
and if I'm wrong, and if you'd correct me,
dealing with problems with psychological warfare...
That is correct.
What does that have done in experience in its field?
Well, education and background experience.
I just felt that when he told me that he's made a study of that for years,
I've done his biology calculations.
But it's been more or less his hobby,
this question of how we can win the war against communism
without using blood.
How we might be able to win it by means of information
and therefore stabilize...
He was never employed in any such capacity or in business.
You know, he did submit, I understand.
He told me he submitted a plan
to, I believe, the information bureau
or someone planned to be drafted himself.
So who did submit that plan?
He's going to plan the State Department of Royce
as we have a copy of that here in case you'd like to see it.
Should we have a copy of it?
I have a copy of it.
May I say I have not read the plan in detail myself,
at least not recently.
Senator Dexon and Senator Royce are necessarily absent this afternoon.
So Senator Dexon, do you have an extendment?
Senator McCartney, you testified to do not
that you first met G. David Chine about the time he came with it committee.
That's correct.
It was about that time.
And you said Mr. Roy Cohen introduced you to him.
Right, that's correct.
I thought he was employed by the self-committee as an unpaid consultant
around February 1, 1953.
That writer was around on this.
Former died Roy Cohen, recommended he be employed by the self-committee.
Senator Timings, am I employed him on the recommendation of Mr. Cohen?
I called various funds of mine, his name's not rather not mentioned today in Athens,
but they thought about him, but before he was employed,
or at the time he was employed, I asked the FBI for the usual FBI name,
and I said, I mean, did you examine his qualifications before you employed him on the self-committee staff?
I discussed his background with him.
By examining his qualifications, I'm not sure if I'm not too mean.
I knew that he was a graduate of the college that the...
He was president of a large hotel corporation.
I knew that he had been interested in the information's program.
And frankly, that is what interested me mostly,
because we hadn't been receiving so many complaints and some serious comments from about what they considered weight in compliance.
I mean, the documentation in this information program, I recall,
I think the day that I first saw him, he had an article which was entitled,
is this the voice of America, is the voice of Moscow,
and he convinced me that he had a good background knowledge.
In fact, better than any man I've met, of the information program.
Did he tell you that he'd had any experience as an investigator before he came with the committee?
He had no experience with most good.
I am correct, am I not, that you said he had not served in the FBI, right?
He had not.
Have you ever worked for any local police force or, in any way, as an investigator for time?
I don't think so.
Is he a lawyer?
No.
I think you've already answered the next question.
You graduated from Harvard University around 1949 or 1950, is that right?
Well, I can second the data, that's the first thing.
I wasn't all the day, he graduated.
I didn't see any public to pamper entitled, definition of communism, distributed by the Cheyenne Hotel.
And not correct?
No, it's correct.
I think, let me check on this.
I just thank you for my income, so you don't mean that was distributed by Naval Intelligence also.
Is this a little six-page pamphlet?
I'm putting a document I have here.
This is from here in the wagon.
And please participate in the next question.
You're going to point out three errors with New York post-planet, phone, and this.
I get that answer, but...
That makes the state and this.
No, will.
May I say that you may be a good profit sometimes, but you weren't that time.
Does that make it okay?
Do you know whether he had any help in preparing that pamphlet?
I wouldn't know.
Well, any point is, apparently, we're not going to call him.
But you find out for the record who, if anybody, helped him prepare the six-page pamphlet.
Do you know what, before he came to the subcommittee, he published anything else on the subject of Communism?
Nothing, and I know.
But would you also find out for the committee how many of many books are pamphlet, the articles he's published on Communism or any other subject?
I will, but I think I can answer that now, son, for I don't think he published any books on Communism other than what you have before you.
However, I do know that he has a grasp of a plan for psychological warfare,
it's a matter of that, to the state department.
I'm not either endorsing or otherwise.
He was spending a great deal of time before he came to the committee, before he had any thought of coming to the committee,
studying the question of the use of information to win a war rather than to win it with a broadened blow.
Senator McCartney, do you have applicants coming to you for jobs for the subcommittee as investigators?
Yes.
Do you ask the FBI to recommend investigators for the subcommittee?
I don't think I've ever asked the FBI to recommend anyone.
We asked for a name sector over and anyone that we decide might be qualified to work for the subcommittee.
What is this assigned experience and qualification?
Make use of it as an investigator and preference to other applicants?
Two things, number one, that our phones are very limited.
He was willing to work for nothing, number two.
I felt that he knew more about the information programs than any other young man I had met.
He didn't employ him, just because he was willing to work for nothing.
I give you the truth.
Did they demand in the same tower that other investigators would see, would you still have them deployed him?
I think I would.
Now that I asked again, Senator, when did Mr. Cohn tell you that Mr. Shine was eligible for the draft?
I couldn't give you the date I believe sometime in July, I think the question came up, I might have been tuned.
You testified, did you not?
Well, the efforts made by Mr. Shine to get a direct commission with the assistant to Mr. Cohn.
I have testified about Mr. Shine's application for submission yet.
When did Mr. Shine tell you that he had been unable to obtain a direct commission?
Some of them are frankly don't know.
If you tried to find out, put in the right kind of chair convenient, or if you just knew I couldn't,
because there's no official importance with the blinger in my mind.
When the question of the New York assignment came up, who first wrote it up with you?
Inside the New York assignment of five of Shine.
I'm not sure if I know what you mean by the New York assignment.
I didn't think that he would go to New York for the first part of his induction.
The only in the temporary duty, that is right.
Where's the committee?
That is right.
Mr. Cohn, the intercoals, we are talking in the office and suggested that the involved even had discussed further enough with the wires to have day spent a couple of weeks cleaning up his work.
Originally I made no objections.
A couple of days later after thinking it over, I decided that was unwise.
And told Mr. Cohn how much of Shine.
Mr. Cohn, there are plenty of guests to use.
Is there a good idea?
Mr. Shine, to be assigned to the New York area?
No.
Senator McCullough, you testify that on September 16th, you told Mr. Cohn that he should give no preferential treatment to five of Shine.
So that's the 16th or 13th?
Well, if I had to say, if I made a mistake.
You're referring to the one-time in the... or the breakfast in the... in the sign of Marklin?
Yeah, if I made a mistake, I think.
Correct.
Roy, so that was the 16th, I thought it was the 13th.
That was your testimony, wasn't it?
No, that was correct.
Did Roy Cohn tell you that you had been discussing an military career of private Shine with the Secretary of the Army?
At that time.
I knew that he had discussed with Mr. Adams.
I didn't know that he had discussed with Mr. Cohn throughout.
Did he make any sense?
We said he had to get it out of hand.
We said it directly.
In the 16th of September, I'm not sure if he had discussed with John Adams.
I frankly don't know.
I think the answer...
That matter was not of sufficient importance, but the day the nice, fancy level of a certain month has much meaning to make.
Before the next set of questions are asked, and why we have our time.
I have to leave when the maintenance is done.
Right, but I want to do it.
And now, I have to leave this time in order to get the plan.
Right, good. See you Monday, Monday, 10th.
If you call, you have 10 minutes.
If there was questions, you can try to ask.
You're a client.
I said, Mr. Jim, you bet.
Mr. Welch, or Mr. Jimler?
Mr. Jim, I'd like to rest my first remarks.
The U.S. I made.
So, can I first...
Can I first...
I'm sorry, I'm in the center.
I mentioned John Adams.
I don't...
We're talking about the fact that 16th of September, I don't believe that John Adams, at that time, was with the military.
So, therefore, there could have been no discussion with Mr. Adams.
I'm not sure I think Adams came with the military later.
Pardon me, Mr. Welch.
Very well, Mr. Welch.
Thank you, Mr. Jimler.
Mr. Chairman, I was going to say a word to you if I could, and along the line that I discussed with you, five years before we decided to hear you.
It's always a little dangerous for me to say on Friday, so that makes us forget the Boston, because that creates a certain amount of interest to that end of the line.
There is a debt on the news.
Interest, I would just like to create a possible.
I wish I could think of a way of getting word to my dentist.
No communist, by the way.
That a part of one of my teeth fell off in the automobile field today, one of my ancient rear ones.
And that makes me somewhat anxious to get to Boston too.
I hope we get to hear you in the early days each time.
Three of our colleagues have to be absent.
And certainly, I have also, we are watching the sub of Michulie, so I'm trying to say it.
So that might say a thousand days.
I would like to have that I have said to you that I thought by Monday, I could have a sort of an outline for what I think will be quite a short.
And I hope, and orderly, and economical across the examination of this with us.
In due of what I have said about this afternoon, it could even be that I would take less than all of my time,
if it's the way that comes back to me again.
Again, it might be the case with a smaller committee, but without, of course, waving the right to ask some things later.
I have one or two questions that I can ask senators that are pretty much formal.
In the first place you haven't had the chance to, nobody has asked you this question.
And I would like to ask you now, as of this moment, is there anything in your testimony that you would like to change?
Nothing that I can think of often.
I think if you reviewed yesterday's testimony last night, or as Mr. Corn reviewed it, you don't think anyone even read it?
I don't know.
Well, in any event, your confidence in it is that you are quite clear, you wish to make no changes.
I have no changes of the time that it's our imagination.
There's a phrase that is drifted in and out of the room that is not important,
but you constantly speak of making a name check on someone.
Would you be good enough to tell me what that means?
You wrote the office if you fully understood it and everybody else should and I just don't.
Well, if we hire anyone on the committee, Mr. Wells, let's close it for the Committee of Pastor Resolution asking for a full-field investigation of all of the committee employees.
The FBI has taken it up to the Attorney General, so of course, it's the boss of the FBI.
And up to this time, I don't believe they have decided to put their own position to conduct a full-field investigation of all investigators.
However, I will link to do what is known as a name check.
They check to the file to see if there are not there's any derogatory information in the file at that time.
That's what's known as a name check.
Also, we occasionally make a name check with the Health on American Activities Committee.
They have an excellent file.
They have them complete with cooperatives.
So, if we want to make a name check if the situation which we cannot get us in the FBI, we refer it to the Health on American Activities Committee and ask them to give us all the information which they have about that particular individual in their file.
The thing that came to my attention in the moment, I make it clear that we don't get a name check from the FBI on individuals under investigation.
We get the name check from the FBI only on people whom we have proposed the higher-res investigators or staff workers.
So, when I refer to a name check on investigation, I refer to a name check to our own files to the un-American Activities Committee files.
I think that pretty much covers it.
Well, I'm not sure that you have enlightened me too much because of what you have at the end and I'll get there I think in the moment.
I take it when you hire an investigator, you do want the most thorough investigation of him before you take him on, do you know?
That is right.
I'm not suggesting by the reason that mold is to mean that somebody wrong or rotten apple on your back.
And please believe me that sir when I say that, but that would be an ever-fitting thing to have that, wouldn't it?
You say it would be a devastating thing, right?
Never want to have a subversive on your own self.
That would make extremely bad.
And the consequence is I take it that you exercise the extreme care in those cases.
All right, I do.
And that extreme care is not accomplished by what you call a name check, is it?
The ordinary name check.
I get the background of an individual as far as I can find out who he is, what he's been doing.
Well, in the way that we ask the FBI to give us a name check, we have been asking the Bureau of the FBI for a full-field investigation and accordance with the resolution passed by I think some of her months made the motion and we should have a full-field investigation we all agreed.
Maybe to some of her guys.
We all agreed that would be wise.
However, up to this time they haven't told you have they went.
The Attorney General has not yet notified us, as well they're not.
They can give us a full-field investigation.
Now I hope I'm not using a term that is.
People don't understand my full-field investigation.
I mean an investigation friend and the assigned investigators to Glob.
Glob's real man's background is previous life.
Interviews his neighbors, his business associates, and an issue report on that.
The name check really means that they go through the files, the people that are not, they have in their files as of that moment.
Anything of a derogatory nature.
Well, let's take a sample where I think you have testified. There was a name check.
Let's take Colonel Ringmer, if you recall.
Yes.
Now, guess what?
It was the name check.
What consequences the name check that was done on him.
We checked our files, we checked with the file.
Wait a moment, that's not right. You check your file.
Yes.
Now that means I take it that you have a large alphabetically arranged name of people.
Is that right?
I don't know how large it is.
I very seldom get down in the file room. I don't think I've done the file room.
I think I've filed.
Well, in any event that's where you start.
And you take what I would suppose to be an alphabetical list of names.
And take Ringmer, you find his name or you don't find it.
And if you find it, then that takes you to a file.
And you see what's in it. It's that right. That's the first thing.
I believe that's their filing system. I don't know if that's the file first.
Yes. I'm not a senator. I'm not the deputy.
We either do well often, or just what the filing system is.
But the first step is to call your own office, meaning the office of this committee.
Ask them to look in their alphabetical list and see if you got it.
You know, that is the first step I would tell either Roy Cohn or Frank Carrick to make an amtrak on Mr. X. Mr. Y.
They would do the job.
They would do it. Now, do you know what they do then?
I assume they would check our file with the information.
Then the senator committee?
Then follow the House of the American Activities Committee.
Is that what I would call the senator committee?
That's the deli committee.
And perhaps all the dinner committee also.
I may say the concern of Mr. Ringler, the amtrak,
Ringler was completely negative.
There's nothing of a drug or a nature found in any file of Mr. Ringler.
Yes.
But from some sources, it turned out something about him.
This is what he didn't like, is that right?
We heard it was reported to me that he had been condemning the exposure of terminus,
which I can't certify the truth of that, that he struck in a third hand.
Because of that, I said one of the amtrak on him,
he said anything we know about this matter.
Well, then if I went down to your file now,
and looked on the card that says R or Ringler,
it is the nationals, I would now find that there, is that right?
No, these files were completely negative in the first ring.
No, but now do we know?
Now it will be in your file, so that now,
I wouldn't know.
Well, that is an item of information about him, if I'm interested.
I can't tell you what's in the file, if I'm not.
Is there a teller?
I don't, I don't suggest to check with these files first.
I have, as you know, a sweet committee of the ten Germans.
This was one, I leave it up to my chief counsel, my chiefs,
to ask him to handle the work, they bring me the hem product.
What would you love to have a出來?